Sovereign Chains Cross-Chain Execution (#1033)
multiversx/mx-docs: docs/sovereign/to-sovereign.md

> # To Sovereign

Reviewer: To sovereign but from where? From another Sovereign or From Mainchain?

# Execution going to a Sovereign Chain
![To Sovereign](../../static/sovereign/to-sovereign.png)

The ability to transfer tokens from the Main Chain to any Sovereign Chain is essential, since every Sovereign can connect to the Main MultiversX Chain. As a result, the customizable Sovereign can leverage any token available on the default network.

The transfer of tokens is done by the *ESDT-Safe* contract after calling the `deposit` endpoint inside the `to-sovereign` module. 

#### Main Chain deposit to Sovereign Chain depositing flow
1. User deposits the tokens he wishes to transfer in the ESDT-Safe contract deployed on the Main Chain.
2. An observer is monitoring the Main Chain.
3. Sovereign network receives extended shard header.
4. Incoming transactions processor handles and processes the new transaction.

> ### Depositing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deposit tokens
```

# Execution going to a Sovereign Chain
![To Sovereign](../../static/sovereign/to-sovereign.png)

> 

Reviewer 3: State the capabilities: transfer and execute.

The transfer of tokens is done by the *ESDT-Safe* contract after calling the `deposit` endpoint inside the `to-sovereign` module. 

## Main Chain deposit to Sovereign Chain transfer flow
1. User deposits the tokens he wishes to transfer in the ESDT-Safe contract deployed on the Main Chain.
2. An observer is monitoring the Main Chain.
3. Sovereign network receives extended shard header.
4. Incoming transactions processor handles and processes the new transaction.

### Deposit Tokens
```rust
    #[payable("*")]
    #[endpoint]
    fn deposit(
        &self,
        to: ManagedAddress,
        optional_transfer_data: OptionalValueTransferDataTuple<Self::Api>,
    )
```

One key aspect of cross chain transfers from MultiversX Main Chain to a Sovereign Chain is being able to transfer tokens and also execute a smart contract call within single transaction. The `#[payable("*")]` annotation means that the endpoint can receive any tokens that will transferred. If those tokens are from a Sovereign Chain they will be burned otherwise they will be saved in the Smart Contract`s account. The checks enabled for the transfer of tokens are the following:

> - If the token is whitelisted, in that case the fee is skipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the token is whitelisted or not blacklisted, in that case the tokens can be transferred.
```
